1. Buildkite (continuous integration): Unlike CircleCI, Buildkite is a hybrid platform. They provide a Saas platform to define and vizualize pipelines,
    but the execution of the jobs happens locally via packages we download. Overall, BuildKite's free plan provides a lot more customizability and control
    than CirlceCI's. 

    Getting Started:
        1. Created a free account and it asks me to link an account from an online git repo. 
        2. Immediately after, it directs me to the new pipeline page, where I can begin making a new pipeline
        3. Navigate over to the Help > All Documentation > Getting Started
        4. The getting started documentation is very clear and easy to follow. 
        5. It instructs you on how to set up an account, install and run an "agent", and run your first build.

    About: 
        Buildkite's Github repos were updated as recently as a few hours ago, and their big customers include Intercom, REA Group, and Shopify. Founded in 
        2013, their main competitors are CircleCI and Jenkins.

2. Raygun (real-time error monitoring): Raygun is very similar to Rollbar, and seems better suited for smaller businesses, as they dashboard is quick to 
    set up and easy to use. Functionality is divided into User Monitoring and Crash Reporting. Monitoring allows us to watch sessions, performace issues,
    and bottlenecks, and crash reporting provides instant notification of errors inside the app. 

    Getting Started:
        1. The Getting Started docs are immediately available from the nav bar. 
        2. The guide begins with an overview of the Raygun products I can choose from.
        3. I then have to choose between Language Guides and Product Guides.
        4. Once I choose a language and product, it has detailed instructions on how to set up raygun via the command line.

    About:
        Raygun is used by companies like Coke, HBO, Domino's, and Microsoft, and has won multiple awards. They started in 2007,
        and their main competitor is Rollbar. Their github was updated earlier today.
